Added guide to whitelist DB IP on AWS (#38)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: core-concepts/connecting-to-databases/README.md

## Database Connections

Connections to databases can be created in the datasource pane. Contact your database admin for the connection credentials and configure them in the data source section. If you are hosting appsmith, you must whitelist the IP address of the appsmith deployment

{% hint style="success" %}

> Whitelist ****[18.223.74.85](https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2/home?region=us-east-2#ElasticIpDetails:PublicIp=18.223.74.85) to connect to your database from our cloud hosted version. Step-by-step guide available [here](aws-whitelist.md)

Reviewer: Can we remove the URL link here? It doesn't link to anything useful.
```suggestion
Whitelist 18.223.74.85 to connect to your database from our cloud hosted version. A step-by-step guide to do this on AWS is available [here](aws-whitelist.md)
```
